in the previous video you have a way
of preparation of the perfect mass
Now I'll explain to you how
cut the cake that this is to think
to receive the South American Cup
this rumor made the same mass shocks
I made only one recipe
I'll use the fact more or less of the
same size and I'm going to measure a finger here
to cut more or less feeling it
cake of 25/10 fame gets bigger
impress knife to the end without all the
hand
I'm safe on top by pressing the cake
you have firmness and have been cutting
3rd is soft not wet easy break
ok you want just one example of that pie
please take as an example only the
second part the same thing works
It's good
I need a little team in case here it is only
cut like this does not break
after you cut it you need a
a step that covers the entire
side of the sheet which has been
inside
so you can stay a little bit
time that is left little to do
with the bottom part of the already wet trunk
the fondant cap has to be
with a tail can not be
wet as plate
You interned with the trade of that wrong
to the cause of water and sugar being soft the cake
This is already wet, the filling has to
be the stuffing movie stuffing
sweet milk fritter
I can not move very soft because
only the deep paste the heavy paste sinks
no bo
you can wet a donkey of pasta
fearless American being with calculations
nothing comics
you come the second part of learning
and always raising organized water
always following the same procedure
layer
the joke was full spread right
the cake